[THEME MUSIC]
>> RICHARD DOTY:
The next mission,
they had to get a
portal near Venus,
and they came out 80,000
years into the future.
They recognized the sun.
They recognized the planet
Mars, but there's no Earth.
In its place were several life
spheres, as they call them,
huge spheres with
a ball inside of it
that looked
something like Earth.
He's saying these life
forms are similar to what
we would refer to as an octopus,
but a land-living octopus.
>> JOSH GOLEMBESKE: What did the
humans look like 80,000 years
into the future?
[THEME MUSIC]
What if an advanced
extraterrestrial race
with a human appearance
made contact and helped
shape our space program?
Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're
talking about the
Pleiadians said
to have quietly influenced some
of our most secret off-world
developments.
Joining me is Richard Doty,
former Air Force OSI agent.
I'm Josh Golembeske, MUFON field
investigator and your guest host
today.
Richard, welcome
back to the show.
>> DOTY: Thank you, Josh.
Good to be here.
>> JOSH: I'm super excited to
continue this conversation.
But let's just back up a little
bit to the original incident
or I guess the first
documented encounter
with the US and the Pleiadians.
I think it was 1959,
and it was in Nevada.
Can you tell me more about that
scenario and that encounter?
>> DOTY: Yeah, it
was October 1959.
A craft crashed north of a
mining operation in Nye County.
Eventually, the
Air Force came out,
recovered the
downed craft, which
was an extraterrestrial
craft belonging
to this particular entity,
took them all back to Area
51, which was in
operation in 1959.
They didn't have any
place else to take it,
so they took it out there.
And eventually, over
time, they found
that this particular
entity was a Pleiadian,
and the craft was from
that solar system.
And they code-named this
particular entity J-Rod.
>> JOSH: J-Rod.
>> DOTY: And so in UFO folklore
and history, you hear a J-Rod.
Well, J-Rod was a Pleiadian.
And came from the
planet, crashed,
and we had him as a guest
at Area 51 all these years.
Now remember, the Pleiadian star
system had thousands of stars.
Thousands.
And so they have literally
thousands of planets.
We're only dealing
with where J-Rod lived
and those surrounding planets
within his solar system.
And maybe there's confusion
between when somebody
said a Pleiadian, maybe there's
a Pleiadian from another planet.
>> JOSH: Sure, yeah.
>> DOTY: And so we're
only talking about J-Rod
And we're talking about
his society and his planet.
>> JOSH: So what brought
J-Rod here in the first place?
>> DOTY: EBE 1 told us the
reason that Eben civilization
came to Earth or started
visiting Earth was
because of past wars we had
on Earth and the fact that we
detonated a huge weapon
that brought them.
The detonation at
Trinity site in 1945
was an advertisement
to the universe
that this particular
planet in the Milky Way
Galaxy, in our solar system
had some type of a weapon that
was maybe something that
they'd never seen before
or they had seen it and
they quit using it in war.
And then jump ahead
a month later,
and within a period
of three days,
two more of these
great huge bombs
were detonated over
two different cities
in a place on Earth.
So that brought them
here to try to figure out
why is this civilization
doing what they're doing?
Now, jump ahead
to J-Rod, when we
were able to fully
communicate with J-Rod.
J-Rod, rather, was a
different civilization.
He came from a different
biological group,
said the exact same thing.
>> JOSH: Oh, wow.
>> DOTY: You guys are doing
something on this planet with
these huge explosions.
That brought us here to
figure out what you're doing,
and that's what
brought them here.
>> JOSH: So we're out there
in the UFO researcher world.
Sometimes J-Rod is
referred to as an Eben,
but you're 100% sure
he was a Pleiadian.
And it was a Pleiadian craft.
He was from the Pleiadians.
>> DOTY: Yeah, you
look at it this way.
There are people out
there that start talking
about EBE 1 or the Ebens.
the crash site at
Corona, or Roswell.
And that we had EBE 1
in captivity for 1952.
There are people that have
started stories out there
about EBE 1 never died.
He went to Nevada test site.
He went to Area 51 and
comparing EBE 1 to J-Rod.
But J-Rod was not an Eben.
J-Rod was a Pleiadian that
came from the Star Group.
It had a different technology
and different biology than EBE.
So J-Rod was not an Eben.
>> JOSH: All right, Rick.
Let's jump back into
the Cronus program.
We know J-Rod was instrumental
in helping us figure out
the science for the skin.
But in the last episode,
we talked about missions
with Cronus 2.
Now, let's move forward.
What missions took
place after Cronus 2?
And were there new versions
of this craft that were used.
Yes,
>> DOTY: Cronus 3 was the
advanced version in 1994,
as Ben referred to it, as
a brand new model of craft.
It had a different
propulsion system.
It had a different electrical
system or power system,
and the craft, the outer skin
of the craft, which was a living
organism, as we talked
about in Cronus 1 and 2
was even more advanced.
And the Cronus 3 could
house six astronauts
rather than just two, expanded
the cockpit area, so to speak.
It had a different system,
whereby the astronauts of Cronus
3 could directly communicate.
These are humans now, human
astronauts with the outer skin
or with the craft itself,
even with the four vector
longitudinal pathway device
that was I think was upgraded,
although he didn't
really talk about that.
But I believe that
was also updated.
Now, the complex
problem with Cronus 3
was training the astronauts,
new astronauts that
had been involved
with Cronus 1 or 2
to be able to communicate
through consciousness
with the craft, with the
operation of the craft.
So that took some time.
And I wish I knew all the
different training techniques
that they used, but I knew that
they used Cronus 1 as a training
model to train those
astronauts to meld mind,
or however they do it, with
the skin to operate this craft,
Cronus 3 through consciousness.
>> JOSH: God, that's incredible.
All right, so moving on.
What was the next mission?
Where was the portal?
Where did they go and how
far in the future was it?
>> DOTY: Yeah, this is exciting.
The next mission, they had
to get a portal near Venus
or somewhere between
Earth and Venus.
And once they got to
it, they entered it.
And they came out 80,000
years into the future.
>> JOSH: Whoa.
>> DOTY: They went to where
Earth would have been.
They saw the sun.
They recognized the sun.
They recognized the planet Mars.
But there's no Earth.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> DOTY: Earth was gone.
In its place were several life
spheres, as they call them,
huge spheres, transparent
spheres with a ball inside of it
that looked
something like Earth.
And they were floating
around the area
of where Earth used to be, which
really confused the astronauts.
Like, are these from Earth?
Are they human or what?
Anyways, they were able to
communicate through some sort
of a frequency.
And one of the craft,
Cronus was brought in
and Cronus 3 was brought into
one of these life spheres.
I believe he said they
directed him into a point
to get into this sphere.
And once they're
into this sphere,
then they went and
landed at a location.
And he didn't go into great
details of how they landed.
>> JOSH: So they opened up like
a window for them to just fly
through.
>> DOTY: Yeah, open a window,
and they brought the craft
in somehow.
And now the problem again,
as we talked about earlier,
about 4,000 years, this is
80,000 years into the future.
The English language
is totally different.
And so there was an incredible
problem with communications with
our own species, humans, because
not only did our technology
advanced, the language advanced
because of the technological
wording explaining the newer
technology, 80,000 years.
And you can't even imagine
80,000 years in the future.
But they were able to
communicate crudely with
the earthlings of 80,000
years into the future.
They again, recognized Cronus
3 as being from the past.
And I don't know
how they did that.
Maybe there was some sort of a
transponder that even though it
was 80,000 years
into the future,
they still knew that
craft was human.
Anyways, they were welcomed in.
They stayed a time period, not
fully understanding what was
explained to them until the
advanced civilization brought
someone in to talk
to our astronauts,
that came down more down to
our level of understanding
their language 80,000
years into the future.
>> JOSH: Let's just
back up a little bit.
So these life
spheres, you mentioned
there was an Earth inside of it.
So is it a container around a
planet or no, there's no planet.
It's completely artificial?
>> DOTY: Well, they
think it was artificial.
There was a planet and then
the sphere on the outside
was their environmental control.
The planet was living
inside this sphere.
And it was referred to me as
a life sphere, is something
that is containing life.
It was a huge sphere.
I mean, not quite as big, as he
said, not quite as big as Earth,
but enough to hold people.
And there's obviously some form
of gravity inside that sphere
because the people were
living on the planet,
not up like they were 4,000
years into the future.
I think it was later determined,
either with the conversation
or what was recorded and
translated after they got back.
They had foreseen something
that happened to Earth.
And they built
these life spheres
to transfer the population
of Earth into these spheres.
And he said there
were a number of them.
He didn't give an exact number--
5, 6, 7.
He said there were a number
of them floating around,
where Earth would have been.
>> JOSH: God, that's
so fascinating.
OK, so they enter the sphere.
They go down to the
planet portion of it.
They're there.
First thing I want to know is,
what did the humans look like
80,000 years into the future?
>> DOTY: Yeah, that's my
one of my first questions.
They were smaller.
>> JOSH: Oh, so we went high,
and now we're getting lower.
>> DOTY: Yeah, and
there were more robotic.
He said, they were almost
mechanically speaking
or mechanically functioning.
Now, we didn't go into
whether they were a trans--
humanized, or a synthetic,
or he referred to him
as more robotic than human.
Now, we're talking 80,000
years into the future.
So did we somehow,
during that time period,
realize that in order for humans
to survive into the future,
they had to become more
robotic or some sort
of synthetic entity?
And I don't know if
that's the answer.
Then again, how do we
communicate and understand
somebody from 80,000
years into the future.
How do somebody in
the 20th century--
this is 1994.
How do we understand that?
And I don't think that we did.
And he didn't go
into great details.
But he said that
they were benevolent.
They knew they
were from the past.
They didn't give him
any restrictions.
One of the things that they
found with the atmosphere,
the oxygen was a higher
concentration than normal Earth
would have been.
The Earth was about 22%.
And he's guessing that was
about 26% or maybe even more.
And so they had problems.
They had to adjust
to that oxygen
saturation, the astronauts.
But they accommodated those
astronauts in every way
they could and until
they were then sent back
through the Quantum Core.
>> JOSH: How did they confirm
that Earth was destroyed?
How was that communicated?
>> DOTY: They explained it.
The person, the robot, or
whatever you want to call it,
that came in to speak
with these astronauts,
came down there to their
language, not fully down to it,
but he was able to communicate
in a better method and using
language that the 20th century
astronauts could understand.
>> JOSH: Oh, interesting.
>> DOTY: And explained that
there was a catastrophic event
that occurred that
destroyed Earth.
>> JOSH: And they were
speaking verbally.
This wasn't telepathy.
>> DOTY: No, they
were talking verbally.
The one question I asked was,
when did this happen sometime
in the 80,000 years?
If they've been living in these
life spheres for 20,000 years,
what, explain it.
He didn't know.
He didn't know the
answer to that.
>> JOSH: What about the moon?
Was that destroyed or was
that still floating around?
>> DOTY: They never
saw the moon either.
They saw-- they
could detect Mars,
and they could detect
Venus and our sun.
And as far as he could
see, or they could see,
or he could relate, there
was no damage to the sun.
The sun was still there.
>> JOSH: Were these humans
80,000 years in the future,
were they-- looked like
robots, like heavily augmented,
like an AI machine?
Or did they have
skin and just kind
of behaved more robotically?
Does that make sense?
>> DOTY: Yes, that's a good
question because he did explain
that.
They were human
looking, robotic acting.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> DOTY: And that's why he
referred to him as part robotic.
Maybe somehow, and
maybe we can't even
imagine how they can
build that into us.
Or maybe there's some way
of manipulating our DNA
to develop a human that has--
and maybe there's a set of
two or three or four strands.
There's five strands and one
of those strands mixed in
with artificial intelligence
or something to that effect.
I think that's
probably a possibility.
>> JOSH: OK, got it, got it.
Fair enough.
So how long were they
gone on this mission?
And like the other mission,
did they bring anything back
like a tablet?
>> DOTY: They brought things
back, a number of things back.
They brought plant life, soil,
and some texts that had built
into this device, similar to
the tablet that was given to us
by our civilization
4,000 years ahead of us.
And they brought that back.
And they brought
some other objects
that he didn't really go into--
a fountain pen.
That's one of the
things that he saw
or they saw was a fountain pen,
>> JOSH: Really?
>> DOTY: Which they
thought was a fountain pen,
which determined not
to be a fountain pen,
but he referred to
it as a fountain pen.
It was some sort
of a logic stick
that can write into the air.
I mean, you don't need anything.
Yeah, I don't know
how that worked,
but you can write
something with it.
And it appears in
just in thin air.
And again, I don't know
what that would be used for.
>> JOSH: Wow.
>> DOTY: Well, I can think of
things we could use it on Earth
for.
And again, it took
a long time for us
to understand and examine the
things that were brought back.
It wasn't done.
And this is 1994.
So it took them--
took us some time to be able to
analyze what was brought back.
>> JOSH: Besides the pen, is
there anything else that was
interesting you want to share
with us, like the plants, maybe?
>> DOTY: Well, the soil--
he said the soil and the
plants were similar to what
we had on Earth.
There's something about the
growth factor was different than
our planet in the 20th century.
And that's probably because
of the higher concentration
of oxygen.
>> JOSH: Yeah, yeah.
>> DOTY: So the growth factor
in plants would be different
and that would only make sense.
I'm not a botanist
or a geologist,
but I could understand
that that probably
could change and make the growth
factor of plants or even animals
different.
They didn't bring back
any animals, though.
>> JOSH: And just to follow-up,
how long were there for?
>> DOTY: About nine months.
>> JOSH: And then back on Earth,
that was about nine months.
>> DOTY: The total
time, nine months,
going and coming
was nine months.
>> JOSH: And then back on Earth,
was it about nine months that
were perceived by us?
>> DOTY: Yes.
>> JOSH: OK, cool.
Cool.
>> DOTY: Which I still
can't understand that.
>> JOSH: Yeah, yeah,
it's a little confusing.
It's all right.
It's not for us to decide.
>> DOTY: No.
>> JOSH: So all
right, moving on.
So unless there's
anything else you
want to say about that
incredible journey,
I know there's more, right?
There's more.
OK, let's move on.
Tell me about the next
mission you want to tell us.
>> DOTY: Well, the
next was Cronus 4.
>> JOSH: Cronus 4.
>> DOTY: With
cooperation from J-Rod.
And apparently, at this
point, his home planet.
They assisted us in Cronus
4, which was the craft
that Ben actually flew in.
This astronaut I'm talking
to, highly advanced.
It had fauns, which were
remote-piloted vehicles that
could go down to the
planet, while the Cronus 4
stayed in an orbit around
the planet if they found one.
The faun was completely robotic.
It would go down in search
and examine a planet.
He said it was like
going from a 1928 Ford--
And I'm sure most
people can imagine
what they would be like--
to a 2004 Mercedes.
State of the art
everything in that.
But one thing they still
experienced, even though they
had different suits and
helmets, was the pixelization
going through the portal.
But they figured out a way to
help the astronauts cope with
and endure that travel through
the portal and the pixelization
that they're suffering from.
>> JOSH: OK, I think it's just
important for the audience to be
clear on this.
Up to this moment,
Ben was recounting
the history of the Cronus
and the MINOT programs.
But this on Cronus
4 was the craft
that Ben actually piloted
through the portals.
>> DOTY: Yes, you're
absolutely right.
2004 is when Ben first took
his mission on Cronus 4.
He had been training for
years before that, six years,
but he hadn't been on anything
other than test flights
or practice flights on the
Cronus 3 and a Cronus 2.
But his first actual mission
outside our solar system
occurred on Cronus 4.
So now he's telling me
first hand experience
of what he endured flying in
that Cronus craft with Cronus 4
with the other five astronauts.
Because there were six
astronauts now in the Cronus 4.
>> JOSH: That makes
me feel at ease.
More people, the better,
that's an intense situation.
All right, let's
do the same thing.
Where was the portal?
Where did they go?
And how many years
in the future?
>> DOTY: Well, this is an
interesting mission because his
very, very first mission
was to the Pleiades.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> DOTY: They
picked up a portal,
and I believe he set
out towards Jupiter.
And again, I'm not
really sure about that.
There's so much information
that he was getting from him,
that there was some bits and
pieces that I should have gone
back and asked, but I didn't.
Anyways, they went
through the portal.
And the way they
endured the portal,
they learned from past
experiences over the 20
some years, was to put
the astronauts to sleep,
so they didn't experience
the pixelization
going through the portal.
They wake up outside.
I don't know how they did that.
And now, he's at the Pleiades.
He's going to Taygeta.
I believe that's the star where
J-Rod's home planet is located.
Now, there's a lot he
left out because I believe
there was something to do
with J-Rod maybe going back
to visit his planet,
but he didn't
go into a lot of
details about that.
I wish he would have.
Anyways, they got
to the planet, they
were able to communicate
with the planet,
and they were able
to circle the planet.
And although they didn't go down
and meet with the Pleiadians,
they did send a faun
down more or less
as a test to make
sure it was safe.
They were orbiting Earth
days, our Earth time period,
about 60 days.
And they were gathering
electronic signals, pictures
of the planet and other things,
other type of technology
that they could gather
from the atmosphere
and photographs of
the planet itself.
They were looking for whether
there was any type of radiation
shields, whether there
is a magnetic field
around that planet,
things like that.
That's what they were after.
And then they were able to then
grab their cord and go back.
In total, time away
was about nine months.
>> JOSH: You described this
like it was present day.
So was this portal they
took to the Pleiades,
was it in the future or no, It
was they just jumped in space
to a new place at present time?
>> DOTY: I don't know for a
fact, so I don't want to say.
And I kept asking him,
was J-Rod on board?
And he would never answer it.
And I think J-Rod was.
I tell you if I was J-Rod and
you're going back to my home,
I want to go with you.
>> JOSH: Right.
Yeah.
>> DOTY: Maybe I don't want
to stay because I like Earth
or maybe something like that.
But I want to go with you.
And I don't know
that that happened.
And I don't want to let the
viewers think that J-Rod
went back to do whatever.
>> JOSH: Sure.
>> DOTY: But the question that
you ask and the question that I
ask was, it has to
be in the future.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> DOTY: Because if
you go to the portal,
you're in the future, right?
Well, maybe not.
Maybe there's some other way.
Because remember, this craft
was entirely manufactured
by the Pleiadians off-planet.
It had everything
inside the craft
belonging to the Pleiadians.
So our astronauts
that were trained--
And one of the things
that Ben told me was--
I asked him, I said,
well, how much time
did you have training
in that craft.
Because any pilot, I
mean Air Force pilot,
he was an Air
Force pilot before.
You have to get in a plane and
you start it, T-37s, T-38s.
And he said, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no.
We trained in that craft in
that off-planet location.
And I said, whoa,
wait a minute, Ben.
You went off-planet to
train in this craft?
He said, yeah, because
it was manufactured
on an off-planet location.
He said, but I'm sorry, I can't
tell you, Rick, what planet that
is or where it was.
He made a mistake
by saying planet.
So there had to have
been a planet someplace.
So did he go back to the
Pleiades or did he go--
is there a planet
in our solar system?
Is that what-- maybe
that is what is
on the dark side of the moon?
Is that on Pluto?
Is that on Mars?
Is that on Titan?
I don't know.
>> JOSH: Oh, I hope
we find out one day.
So when Ben and the
other astronauts
were circling the
planet in the Pleiades,
you mentioned that there was
communication back and forth.
Can you explain more?
Give me more details
on what that was like.
>> DOTY: He did say that they
were able to communicate with
the Pleiades, the planet.
And I think he named
the planet by number.
It was a number planet, maybe
six or something like that.
But he didn't go into
any details about what
they called that planet.
Anyways, he said there was
a form of communication
on a particular frequency
that they could talk.
And now this is where--
there was some confusion
in what he told me
and what I thought
I heard from him,
was that they had a way of
communicating through voice.
Now I'm thinking it was J-Rod.
But he doesn't say that.
But I don't want to infer
that J-Rod was aboard.
But I think he was.
I think all indications of how
he said what he was saying.
He was trying to protect
J-Rod for some reason.
I don't know why.
I mean, if J-Rod,
if you can get--
why not take a ride back
home in this if you're
going on this journey.
So I think probably J-Rod was
the one that was communicating.
That's what I would
like to think.
>> JOSH: Yeah, that
makes total sense.
And then last
question about this
is they sent the faun down, this
autonomous robotic craft down
to the planet and back.
Did it get messed
with in any way
or did it just come
back totally fine?
The Pleiadians totally
OK with a probe
coming down to their planet,
checking them out, and then
coming back to the craft?
They were fine with everything?
>> DOTY: Well, he said that
they sent the faun down there
and to interface.
Now, I don't know
what that means.
But there was no
indication that there
was any harm done or damage done
to the faun when they brought it
back.
>> JOSH: Fair enough.
Did they go anywhere
else or did they just
hover around one planet?
>> DOTY: No, there were several
planets within that star system.
And they were tasked with
looking at these other planets.
Three of them had
life, life forms.
Apparently, two of
those life forms
were not capable
of space travel.
And I don't understand that
exactly, whether it was
they were crude
lifestyle or they just
didn't want to do that.
There wasn't a lot talk
about that, those planets.
But there was one planet that
had some kind of a civilization,
was intelligent life forms,
but entirely different
bipedal human.
He said, they sent
the faun down to it,
and it was down
there for some time
exploring, although there
wasn't any hostilities directed
towards the faun.
They could tell that there
was no communications
possible with these
other life forms.
Now, he's saying
these life forms
are similar to what we would
refer to as an octopus,
but a land-living octopus,
not a water aquatic octopus.
They looked similar.
Again, this is a
faun down there.
They didn't go down.
And so they realized
that there was no way
to communicate with this
particular creature.
So they came back.
And that's the
only three planets
that they explored
while they were there.
>> JOSH: So these
land octopuses,
were they advanced in any way?
When you say civilization,
was there buildings and boats
and ships or were they more
nomadic and kind of like--
I don't know, Encino man?
>> DOTY: They were
similar to being nomadic.
They didn't see any
living or built structures
or any infrastructures
on that planet.
But one of the
things he kept saying
was, even though that
faun was a robotic faun,
it was a landing craft.
These living organisms
didn't consider it a hostile,
didn't try to attack
it or anything.
So maybe they were
intelligent, but they just
couldn't communicate with us.
>> JOSH: Oh, very interesting.
>> DOTY: He mentioned that.
>> JOSH: So is there anything
else you want to mention about
this amazing journey?
>> DOTY: He thought it was the
most sensational time of his
life because it was-- other
than training missions,
he's going to another planet,
seeing things that he'd never
dreamed of seeing, although
they were very well trained
for anything.
But he says, we sat and
talked amongst ourselves,
the astronauts, about what
they were experiencing.
And it was like
out of this world.
And they were actually out of
this world and of the experience
that they endured.
And he said, even though
we didn't experience
the trauma of going through
the portals like some
of the other astronauts
because they developed a system
to keep us from experiencing it,
he would have gladly done this
again over and over again.
>> JOSH: Wow.
I mean, yeah, that's incredible.
Is there anything else
you-- is there any takeaways
that you'd like to share?
>> DOTY: Well, one of the things
that we didn't mention in other
episodes was these Cronus
1, 2, 3, and 4, they--
they weren't only
used for one mission.
We only talk about one mission.
They were used for
many, many missions.
We only talked about
the one major missions
that they were involved with.
And Cronus 1 was considered
a training spacecraft.
So there was a lot of
training done in that craft.
So I just want the viewers to
know that these crafts weren't
made just for one mission.
There were many missions flown
outside our solar system,
within, and outside
our solar system,
using these four Cronus crafts.
>> JOSH: And right now is
the latest craft Cronus 4?
Or are we beyond that now?
>> DOTY: He wouldn't
discuss that,
but I believe there
probably are 5 and 6.
I think they're probably at
least because this is 2004.
>> JOSH: Yeah,
that's 20 years ago.
>> DOTY: It's 20 years.
So I'm sure that we have more
advanced than that, although he
didn't talk about it.
>> JOSH: OK, Rick, with
all that being said,
we have Congress right now
interviewing whistleblowers,
learning about the basics
of some of UAPs, right?
What you're talking
about is so next level.
Like, where do you
think this is going?
And does Congress
know about this?
Like, do you think
they even know
any of the stuff you're
telling me today?
Or are they still being
told just the very basics
about these black programs?
>> DOTY: That's a good question.
I think some within the
government probably no.
How do you hide $20 trillion or
$25 trillion, or $36 trillion
that's missing from the
defense budget since 1990.
The money went somewhere.
And obviously, in order
to build these crafts,
there has to be defense
contractors involved
and other people involved.
So they use that money
that's missing or unaccounted
for, however you want to say,
to build these advanced crafts.
There were people
within Lockheed
have been talking about
this for many years.
In 1994, a person
came out from Lockheed
and told us they had crafts
that could go to other worlds.
And 2010 at a UFO
Convention, the guy
who worked for NASA
got up and said,
we have crafts locked away that
can go to remote planets in I
think he said a flash of a light
or something to that effect.
So it's been out there,
but nobody believes it.
Nobody wants to believe it.
There are people
within Congress.
I think there are
a few, not a lot,
but I'm sure there's
a few in Congress that
know about the secret space
program and what we have
and what our capabilities
are to travel
not only within
our solar system,
but outside our solar system.
>> JOSH: We can take ET home.
>> DOTY: We can take ET home.
>> JOSH: And we may have.
>> DOTY: And we may have.
>> JOSH: Wow again, Rick, this
was a fascinating conversation.
Thank you for being here.
>> DOTY: Good to be here.
Thank you, Josh.
>> JOSH: Thank you, folks.
My name is Josh Golembeske.
This is Cosmic Disclosure.
We'll see you next time.
[THEME MUSIC]